You go down first
Not to put you in a hotel
What are you doing?
See you in a hurry
Don't worry, I'll kill you.
You bastard
Godmother, he hurt me
Ye Chan
You can still protect him at this time
Just a lowly daughter
As for what happened?
No. I have to get a divorce.
I don't want the Ye family to chat
Xiao family's mother
It seems that Ye Chen was informed back then
Ye Chan, you are noble
You are amazing
How clean do you think you are?
Without my marriage
Pleasure is long gone.
kid
The patented technology of the Xiao family is still in my hands
Both and my shares add up
It's over 60 percent.
You dare to get married
We withdraw
I will return you an innocent bankruptcy.
What are you doing?
Don't go to work
Archer on Fire
Will definitely make you pay